1) What are different artifacts you need to create - name of the artifacts and its purpose

With Azure DevOps, we can share packages across all projects Examples Like Maven, npm, NuGet, and Python package
1. a NuGet package is a single ZIP file with the .nupkg extension that contains compiled code (DLLs), other files related to that code, and a descriptive manifest that includes information like the package's version number
2. npm is a package manager for the JavaScript programming language maintained by npm
3. Maven is a build automation tool used primarily for Java projects.

2) List the tools you will to create and store the Terraform templates.

Visual studio code can be used for creating the Terraform templates.
Storing Terraform templates can used in GIT, GitHub, GitLab Version Control 

3) Explain the process and steps to create automated deployment pipeline.
Git repositories for source control.
Build and Release pipelines for CI/CD automation.
Agile tools covering Kanban/scrum project methodologies.
Continuous Integration-Continuous integration is the process of automating builds and testing that occur as the code is completed and committed to the system
Continuous Delivery-
Continuous Delivery is the ability to get changes of all types—including new features, configuration changes, bug fixes and experiments
Continuous Deployment-Continuous Deployment, your application is run through an automated pipeline workflow. 
4) Create a sample Terraform template you will use to deploy Below services:
Please find the Terraform Templates added in the folder
Vnet
2 Subnet
NSG to open port 80 and 443
1 Window VM in each subnet
1 Storage account
5) Explain how you will access the password stored in Key Vault and use it as Admin Password in the VM
Azure Key Vault Secrets Data Source
Create Key Vault Secret data sources for each of the secrets you require.
Key Vault Secret Data Source
data "azurerm_key_vault_secret" "Prasanna-admin-login-password" {
  name         = "Vm -admin-password"
  key_vault_id = data.azurerm_key_vault.prasanna.id
}
output "secret_value" {
  value = data.azurerm_key_vault_secret.ufo-admin-login-password.value
}
